# Font AWS-ome font glossary


### A
Name                            | Color | B&W   | 3D    | Flat
---                             | ---   | ---   | ---   | --- 
action                          | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
actuator                        | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
addon                           | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
agent                           | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
alarm                           | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
alexaskill                      | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
alexasmarthomeskill             | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
alexavoiceservice               | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
ami                             | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
api-gateway                     | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
app-stream                      | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
app-stream-2                    | Yes   | No    | No    | No    
application                     | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
application-discovery-service   | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
application-load-balancer       | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
apps                            | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
archive                         | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
artifact                        | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
assignmenttask                  | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
athena                          | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
attribute                       | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
attributes                      | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
auto-scaling                    | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
av-senableddevice               | No    | Yes   | No    | No

### B
Name                            | Color | B&W   | 3D    | Flat
---                             | ---   | ---   | ---   | --- 
batch                           | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
bucket                          | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
bucketwithobjects               | No    | Yes   | No    | No

### C
Name                            | Color | B&W   | 3D    | Flat
---                             | ---   | ---   | ---   | --- 
cachedvolume                    | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
cachenode                       | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
certificate                     | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
certificate-manager             | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
certificatemanager              | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
changeset                       | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
checklist                       | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
checklistcost                   | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
checklistfaulttolerance         | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
checklistperformance            | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
checklistsecurity               | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
classic-load-balancer           | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
client                          | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
cloud                           | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
cloud-formation                 | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
cloud-front                     | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
cloud-hsm                       | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
cloud-search                    | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
cloud-trail                     | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
cloud-watch                     | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
cluster                         | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
code-build                      | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
code-commit                     | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
code-deploy                     | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
code-pipeline                   | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
cognito                         | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
config                          | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
configrule                      | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
corporatedatacenter             | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
customergateway                 | No    | Yes   | No    | No

### D
Name                            | Color | B&W   | 3D    | Flat
---                             | ---   | ---   | ---   | --- 
d-binstance                     | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
d-boninstance                   | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
data-pipeline                   | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
databasemigrationworkflow-job   | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
databasemigrationworkflowjob    | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
dataencryptionkey               | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
decider                         | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
densecomputenode                | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
densestoragenode                | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
deployment                      | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
deployments                     | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
desiredstate                    | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
device-farm                     | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
direct-connect                  | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
directory-service               | No    | No    | Yes   | No    
disk                            | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
dms                             | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
downloaddistribution            | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
dynamo-db                       | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No

### E
Name                            | Color | B&W   | 3D    | Flat
---                             | ---   | ---   | ---   | --- 
ebs                             | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
ec2                             | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
ec2-compute-container           | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
ec2-compute-container-alt1      | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
ec2-compute-container-alt2      | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
echo                            | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
ecr                             | No    | Yes   | No    | Yes   
ecr-registry                    | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
ecs                             | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
edgelocation                    | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
efs                             | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
efs-share                       | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
el-load-balancer                | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
elastic-beanstalk               | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
elastic-cache                   | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
elastic-i-paddress              | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
elastic-load-balancing          | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
elastic-transcoder              | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
elasticnetworkadapter           | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
elasticnetworkinterface         | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
em-rengine                      | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
em-rengine-map-rm3              | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
em-rengine-map-rm5              | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
em-rengine-map-rm7              | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
email                           | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
emailnotification               | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
emr                             | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
emr-hdf-scluster                | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
encrypteddata                   | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
endpoints                       | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
es                              | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
eventeventbased                 | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
eventtimebased                  | No    | Yes   | No    | No

### F
Name                            | Color | B&W   | 3D    | Flat
---                             | ---   | ---   | ---   | --- 
filteringrule                   | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
fire-t-vstick                   | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
fire-tv                         | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
flowlogs                        | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
forums                          | No    | Yes   | No    | No

### G
Name                            | Color | B&W   | 3D    | Flat
---                             | ---   | ---   | ---   | --- 
game-lift                       | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
genericdatabase                 | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
glacier                         | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
globalsecondaryindex            | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
greengrass                      | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No

### H
Name                            | Color | B&W   | 3D    | Flat
---                             | ---   | ---   | ---   | --- 
hardwareboard                   | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
hostedzone                      | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
htt-pnotification               | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
htt-pprotocol                   | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
http2protocol                   | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
humanintelligencetasks          | No    | Yes   | No    | No

### I
Name                            | Color | B&W   | 3D    | Flat
---                             | ---   | ---   | ---   | --- 
iam                             | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
importexport                    | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
inspector                       | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
instance                        | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
instancereadreplica             | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
instances                       | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
instancestandby                 | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
instancewith-cloud-watch        | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
internet                        | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
internetalternate1              | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
internetalternate2              | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
internetgateway                 | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
io-t                            | No    | No    | Yes   | No    
iot                             | Yes   | No    | No    | No    
item                            | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
items                           | No    | Yes   | No    | No

### K
Name                            | Color | B&W   | 3D    | Flat
---                             | ---   | ---   | ---   | --- 
kinesis                         | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
kinesis-analytics               | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
kinesis-enabledapp              | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
kinesis-firehose                | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
kinesis-streams                 | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
kms                             | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No

### L
Name                            | Color | B&W   | 3D    | Flat
---                             | ---   | ---   | ---   | --- 
lambda                          | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
lambda-function                 | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
lambdafunction                  | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
layers                          | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
lex                             | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
lightsail                       | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
long-termsecuritycredential     | No    | Yes   | No    | No

### M
Name                            | Color | B&W   | 3D    | Flat
---                             | ---   | ---   | ---   | --- 
machine-learning                | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
managed-services                | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
management-console              | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
mechanical-turk                 | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
memcached                       | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
message                         | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
mf-atoken                       | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
mobile-analytics                | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
mobile-hub                      | No    | Yes   | No    | Yes   
mobileclient                    | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
monitoring                      | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
mqt-tprotocol                   | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
mssq-linstance                  | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
mssq-linstancealternate         | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
multimedia                      | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
my-sq-linstancealternate        | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
my-sqld-binstance               | No    | Yes   | No    | No

### N
Name                            | Color | B&W   | 3D    | Flat
---                             | ---   | ---   | ---   | --- 
non-cachedvolume                | No    | Yes   | No    | No

### O
Name                            | Color | B&W   | 3D    | Flat
---                             | ---   | ---   | ---   | --- 
object                          | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
officebuilding                  | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
ops-works                       | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
optimizedinstance               | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
oracle-d-binstance              | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
oracle-d-binstancealternate     | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
organizations                   | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No

### P
Name                            | Color | B&W   | 3D    | Flat
---                             | ---   | ---   | ---   | --- 
permissions                     | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
pinpoint                        | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
piop                            | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
policy                          | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
polly                           | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
postgre-sq-linstance            | No    | Yes   | No    | No

### Q
Name                            | Color | B&W   | 3D    | Flat
---                             | ---   | ---   | ---   | --- 
queue                           | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
quick-sight                     | No    | Yes   | No    | Yes

### R
Name                            | Color | B&W   | 3D    | Flat
---                             | ---   | ---   | ---   | --- 
rds                             | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
redis                           | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
redshift                        | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
rekognition                     | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
reportedstate                   | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
requester                       | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
resources                       | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
role                            | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
route53                         | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
router                          | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
routetable                      | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
rule                            | No    | Yes   | No    | No

### S
Name                            | Color | B&W   | 3D    | Flat
---                             | ---   | ---   | ---   | --- 
s3                              | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
sam-ltoken                      | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
searchdocuments                 | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
sensor                          | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
service-catalog                 | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
servo                           | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
ses                             | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
shadow                          | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
shield                          | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
simulator                       | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
sms                             | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
snapshot                        | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
snowball                        | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
sns                             | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
spot-fleet                      | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
spotinstance                    | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
sq-lmaster                      | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
sq-lslave                       | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
sqs                             | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
ss-lpadlock                     | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
stack                           | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
step-function                   | No    | No    | Yes   | No    
step-functions                  | Yes   | No    | No    | No    
storage-gateway                 | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
streamingdistribution           | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
sts                             | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
sts-2                           | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
swf                             | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No

### T
Name                            | Color | B&W   | 3D    | Flat
---                             | ---   | ---   | ---   | --- 
table                           | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
tapestorage                     | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
template                        | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
temporarysecuritycredential     | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
thingbank                       | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
thingbicycle                    | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
thingcamera                     | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
thingcar                        | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
thingcart                       | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
thingcoffeepot                  | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
thingdoorlock                   | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
thingfactory                    | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
thinggeneric                    | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
thinghouse                      | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
thinglightbulb                  | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
thingmedicalemergency           | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
thingpoliceemergency            | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
thingthermostat                 | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
thingtravel                     | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
thingutility                    | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
thingwindfarm                   | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
topic                           | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
traditionalserver               | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
trusted-advisor                 | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No

### U
Name                            | Color | B&W   | 3D    | Flat
---                             | ---   | ---   | ---   | --- 
user                            | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
users                           | No    | Yes   | No    | No

### V
Name                            | Color | B&W   | 3D    | Flat
---                             | ---   | ---   | ---   | --- 
vault                           | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
virtualprivatecloud             | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
virtualtapelibrary              | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
volume                          | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
vp-cpeering                     | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
vp-nconnection                  | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
vp-ngateway                     | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
vpc                             | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
vpcna-tgateway                  | No    | Yes   | No    | No

### W
Name                            | Color | B&W   | 3D    | Flat
---                             | ---   | ---   | ---   | --- 
waf                             | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
work-docs                       | No    | Yes   | No    | Yes   
work-mail                       | No    | Yes   | No    | Yes   
work-spaces                     | No    | Yes   | No    | Yes   
worker                          | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
workers                         | No    | Yes   | No    | No

### X
Name                            | Color | B&W   | 3D    | Flat
---                             | ---   | ---   | ---   | --- 
x-ray                           | Yes   | No    | Yes   | No    
x1instance                      | No    | Yes   | No    | No    
